README.md, before:

SkipToTimestamp
===============

http://wordpress.org/plugins/skip-to-timestamp/

Skip to Timestamp allows two ways of generating links in your posts that automatically skip to a given time
in an embedded media element. You've seen it in the Youtube descriptions, now get it in your embeds!

To create a link, either:

* Use our [skipto] shortcode which takes a "time" (or "timestamp" or "ts") argument and uses that to create a link.
Eg, "Just wait until...or...hold on, you can [skipto time=4:30]skip to[/skipto] this part of the video!"
* Check the "Replace Timestamps Automatically" checkbox in the Settings > Skip to Timestamp, and watch as all your
timestamps in the form "4:30" or "1:23:45" are automatically converted into links.
* If many media (audio, video, YouTube) exist in the same page, you can select among them:
[skipto time=4:30 media-id=2]skip to[/skipto]
For the 2nd media in the page.
* If the page contains a mix of media of different kind: audio, video or YouTube, you can select among them:
[skipto time=2:37 media-type="video"]2:37[/skipto]
[skipto time=5:56 media-id=2 media-type="audio"]5:56[/skipto]
[skipto time=13:05 media-id=4 media-type="video"]13:05[/skipto]
[skipto time=29:14 media-id=3 media-type="youtube"]29:14[/skipto]

The links search for and skip to a time in:

* Youtube videos embedded using Wordpress embeds.
* HTML5 &lt;audio&gt; elements. Jetpack, Blubrry Powerpress and other plugins do this automatically using the [audio] shortcode.
* HTML5 &lt;video&gt; elements. Jetpack and other plugins do this automatically using the [video] shortcode.

## Installation ##

You don't really need to do anything special to install this plugin. Just:

1. Download using the button above, unzip and place the folder in your wp-content/plugins/ folder. Alternately,
install using Wordpress' built-in plugin installer.
1. Activate the plugin through the Plugins menu in WordPress
1. Configure settings via Settings > Skip to Timestamp. Automatic timestamp replacement is turned off by default.

## Frequently Asked Questions ##
### Will this work with ____ player? ###
If it adds an &lt;audio&gt; or &lt;video&gt; tag, then probably. The plugin uses the currentTime parameter of those elements
to set the location to skip to. If you open your browsers developer console and see a message saying
'Skip to Timestamp: No media player found!', then that player isn't currently supported. I'd like to help you
though, so please submit a request for that player on the Wordpress plugin page. It's the only way I know
which players to prioritise!

### Can I use both shortcodes and automatically-replaced timestamps? ###
Yes, as long as you don't use both in the same post. Each post can contain either shortcodes OR timestamps to
auto-replace. If both are present, then timestamps will not be automatically replaced.

### Links don't show up on the home page / category listing / tag listing! ###
Make sure the **Link only on singular posts/pages** setting (Settings > Skip to Timestamp) is unchecked.

### It's just not working! ###
Leave a ticket either here or on the WP plugin page with information about the media you embedded, how you
tried to create the link, and what browser and operating system you're running. If it's a bug,
I'll get right to work on it!

Commit message:

Multi media selection with URL

README.md, after:

SkipToTimestamp
===============

http://wordpress.org/plugins/skip-to-timestamp/

Skip to Timestamp allows two ways of generating links in your posts that automatically skip to a given time
in an embedded media element. You've seen it in the Youtube descriptions, now get it in your embeds!

To create a link, either:

* Use our [skipto] shortcode which takes a "time" (or "timestamp" or "ts") argument and uses that to create a link.
Eg, "Just wait until...or...hold on, you can ```[skipto time=4:30]skip to[/skipto]``` this part of the video!"
* Check the "Replace Timestamps Automatically" checkbox in the Settings > Skip to Timestamp, and watch as all your timestamps in the form "4:30" or "1:23:45" are automatically converted into links.
* If many media (audio, video, YouTube) exist in the same page, you can select among them:
```[skipto time=4:30 media-id=2]skip to[/skipto]```
For the 2nd media in the page (it is equivalent to the order in the page: 1st, 2nd...).
* If the page contains a mix of media of different kind: audio, video or YouTube, you can select among them:
  ```[skipto time=2:37 media-type="video"]2:37[/skipto]```
  ```[skipto time=5:56 media-id=2 media-type="audio"]5:56[/skipto]```
  ```[skipto time=13:05 media-id=4 media-type="video"]13:05[/skipto]```
  ```[skipto time=29:14 media-id=3 media-type="youtube"]29:14[/skipto]```

* A more convenient way to select a media is to refer to it using its URL. Media order is not robust to changes (adding or moving a media).
```[skipto time=5:56 url-media-contains="https://www.domain.com/path/myAudioFile.mp3" media-type="audio"]5:56[/skipto]```
```[skipto time=13:05 url-media-contains="https://www.domain.com/path/myVideoFile.mp3" media-type="video"]13:05[/skipto]```

  "url-media-contains" and "media-id" are not usable together. It is not necessary to give the whole URL:
```[skipto time=5:56 url-media-contains="myAudioFile.mp3" media-type="audio"]5:56[/skipto]```
```[skipto time=13:05 url-media-contains="myVideoFile.mp3" media-type="video"]13:05[/skipto]```

  Only a part of the URL may be enough, give the minimum necessary:
```[skipto time=5:56 url-media-contains="path1/myAudioFile.mp3" media-type="audio"]5:56[/skipto]```
```[skipto time=5:56 url-media-contains="path2/myAudioFile.mp3" media-type="audio"]5:56[/skipto]```

  * For the YouTube case, you may have some trouble with the following:
```[skipto time=4:14 url-media-contains="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ptyprXFPX0" media-type="youtube"]4:14[/skipto]```
Instead prefer:
```[skipto time=4:14 url-media-contains="9ptyprXFPX0" media-type="youtube"]4:14[/skipto]```

The links search for and skip to a time in:

* Youtube videos embedded using Wordpress embeds.
* HTML5 &lt;audio&gt; elements. Jetpack, Blubrry Powerpress and other plugins do this automatically using the [audio] shortcode.
* HTML5 &lt;video&gt; elements. Jetpack and other plugins do this automatically using the [video] shortcode.

## Installation ##

You don't really need to do anything special to install this plugin. Just:

1. Download using the button above, unzip and place the folder in your wp-content/plugins/ folder. Alternately,
install using Wordpress' built-in plugin installer.
1. Activate the plugin through the Plugins menu in WordPress
1. Configure settings via Settings > Skip to Timestamp. Automatic timestamp replacement is turned off by default.

## Frequently Asked Questions ##
### Will this work with ____ player? ###
If it adds an &lt;audio&gt; or &lt;video&gt; tag, then probably. The plugin uses the currentTime parameter of those elements
to set the location to skip to. If you open your browsers developer console and see a message saying
'Skip to Timestamp: No media player found!', then that player isn't currently supported. I'd like to help you
though, so please submit a request for that player on the Wordpress plugin page. It's the only way I know
which players to prioritise!

### Can I use both shortcodes and automatically-replaced timestamps? ###
Yes, as long as you don't use both in the same post. Each post can contain either shortcodes OR timestamps to
auto-replace. If both are present, then timestamps will not be automatically replaced.

### Links don't show up on the home page / category listing / tag listing! ###
Make sure the **Link only on singular posts/pages** setting (Settings > Skip to Timestamp) is unchecked.

### It's just not working! ###
Leave a ticket either here or on the WP plugin page with information about the media you embedded, how you
tried to create the link, and what browser and operating system you're running. If it's a bug,
I'll get right to work on it!
